Practical Project - Iteration 1

Group Meeting Report

|  Notice of Meeting and Agenda | 26/02/2024 12:00 PM EIT Emerson Street Office |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|

| :                 |                                                               |                |            |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|------------|
| Sponsor:          | Noor Alani                                                    | Name of Group: | Cell       |
| Group Lead:       | Artem Hrytsenko                                               | Note taker:    | Rhys Bates |
| **Attendees:**    | Artem Hrytsenko, Rhys Bates, Terrence Charamba                |                |            |
| **Absent:**       | -                                                             |                |            |
| **Please bring:** | Laptop, Light Lunch                                           |                |            |
| **Agenda items:** | Discuss first iteration Discuss/complete stakeholder register |                |            |

# Minutes

| Agenda Item 1: | Discuss first iteration | Presenter: | Artem, Terrence |
|----------------|-------------------------|------------|-----------------|

#### Discussion:

Researched meaning of iteration in this case (referred to pdf provided by Noor)

Explored collaborative workspaces to streamline this process

Explore creating a discord server, to streamline communication

Explore creating GitHub repository to keep track of changes in iteration

Explore who the major stakeholders are

#### Conclusions:

Create notion page to store cooperative works (include deadline of week 5)

Use notions to assign tasks to each other (where applicable)

Distribute template documents via discord and GitHub

Create GitHub repository, connect to local Git repository

| Action items                                         | Person responsible  | Deadline      |
|------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------------|
| Create collaborative space (discord, github, notion) | Artem               | ASAP          |
| Begin work on stakeholder register                   | All members of Cell | End of week 2 |
| Upload work in current state to github               | Rhys                | End of week 2 |

| Agenda Item 2: | Discuss/Complete stakeholder register | Presenter: | Rhys |
|----------------|---------------------------------------|------------|------|

#### Discussion:

Identified internal/external stakeholders

Assigned roles to members of Cell

Identified requirements and types of communication for each concerned stakeholder

#### Conclusions:

Stakeholder registration for Iteration 1 filled out accordingly

| Action items                                           | Person responsible | Deadline                     |
|--------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|------------------------------|
| Upload to git                                          | Rhys               | End of week 2                |
| Confirm roles/communications etc with each stakeholder | Terrence           | End of Today                 |
| Involve sponsor with finalization of register          | Artem              | End of Thursday (29/02/2024) |

# Other Information

#### Resources:

Refer to provided PDFs on Moodle

#### Date of next meeting:

04/03/2024
